<h3>Introduction</h3>The “Broken World” is broken (duh!) that happened about 60 years from today in the year 2023 or the year 0 like we call it now. What happened was that some scientists created a machine that puts out more energy than it consumes to solve the worlds energy issues once and for all.

“A machine that creates energy? That’s impossible! Strictly against the rules of physics” you might say and the universe basically said the same thing. You could tell that the big all and everything was quite upset because the whole earth exploded and billions of people and animals died. The scientists however constructed the machine powerful enough to withstand even the greatest forces and so the universe had no chance but to change its rules.

Yes I know that highly unscientific and all but if I wanted to explain it the correct way we would need the research databases we had before everything went south and as you can imagine most of humanities knowledge exploded into tiny pieces. In the last 60 years we learned a lot of new stuff though.

Delta-Radiation for example is the try to explain basically everything that can’t be explained with the physics you might know. The flying pieces of rock and debris on that we have rebuilt some smaller and larger settlements. How does this radiation work? It’s everywhere and it does whatever is expected of it. If you for example believe strong enough that lightning will strike on everything you point at there is a high chance you will have a lot less friends in the near future… and maybe some new ones. Delta-Radiation can be manipulated by minds but not only in a conscious way in fact the less you think about it and question its effects the stronger it can be.

Many animals for example have adapted to the new living situations in a few days or even less time. That’s why whales still exist even though there are no oceans left. They just knew that they are supposed to swim and so they swam… through air but well what can you do?

Some experts argue even the stones that float around do it because deep within they have this pure knowledge that they are supposed to stay still and solid. But that’s a bit farfetched if you ask me.
